Wiring/ESP32_analog_SC_D15_shield/README.md, before:

# DIY AP for Simucube D15 port
Changing connection from bluetooth to simucube wheel base D15 port.<br>
# Arduino code
The arduino code was set BLE connection as default, you need compile the code with uncomment [#define Using_analog_output](https://github.com/tcfshcrw/DIY-AP-For-Simucube-D15-Port/blob/5f9ee92e2915fc8c4bda61bb6a2c49aa94eec56f/Arduino/Esp32/Main/Main.ino#L3C6-L3C6).<br>
# PCB
<img src="image/PCB.jpg" width="600"><br>
This is the custom PCB from [https://github.com/ChrGri/DIY-Sim-Racing-FFB-Pedal](https://github.com/ChrGri/DIY-Sim-Racing-FFB-Pedal).<br>
Including 1 INA122P for loadcell reading for general pedal, 1 data in for GAS input, and 1 data out for analog output to other board.<br>
It's alos build in power PCB, contian 2 XT30 connector for power in and out.<br>
The default output was brake pin in truedrive, extra data input was set for gas pin for true drive.<br>
# Simucube software configuare
There is a analog input config in truedrive.<br>
![](image/SC-1.jpg)<br>
First set the brake use brake pin(other pins was fine, depend on the design)<br>
ESP32 output voltage was between 0.1-3.1, so set axis raw value between 3%-60%.<br>
![](image/SC-2.jpg)<br>
after setup, don't forget to save to wheel base by click save setting to simucube.<br>

Commit message:

Update analog SC D15 shield README.md

Wiring/ESP32_analog_SC_D15_shield/README.md, after:

# SC D15 port shield<br>
Directly input analog data to simucube wheel base D15 port with ESPNow comunication.<br>
# Binary flashing<br>
Please flashing ESP32 with esp32_analogout_SC_D15.zip files.<br>
# PCB
<img src="image/PCB.jpg" width="600"><br>
This is the custom PCB from for the analog output with ESPNow comunication.<br>
If only 2 DIY FFB Pedal is used, the ESP32 dac output can be consider, no PCBA needed, only need make PCB and manually soldering for ESP32, connector, pins.<br>
If 3 pedals set, the MCP4728 is needed, the PCBA pickandplace file and BOM can be found in gerber folder.<br>
The shield is working without USB connection, the 5V is pull from sc wheelbase.<br>
# PCB BOM
|Component             |Quantity                      | Description                         |
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------|
| PCB | 1||
| ESP32 30pins | 1| no serial chip requirment, because do not need serial comunicaiton|
| USB Connector Type-A Dual Port Female Jack | 1|[here](https://www.amazon.com/uxcell-Connector-Female-Horizontal-Degree/dp/B07L3M98V1/ref=sr_1_3?crid=CBLB87FB6M5&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.UzvHhQRXM0b2XNXTbxpYuGLr6NP3BVc3TGOsYMc6yTj8rIesyivrQFzaipsiikbmVeP224_-1jc2S4h8Wb0mx8kc0RcvdFWDtPW8CAPgFALteEngvaQbSnw0KWobCpDEnpaMkd1WZU4KWPUhV-fa-3HmMcINC0C92u-qYtX1PGKA_MEDbIMO2rpsYWI-m0jK3uWcKWUHpgdzbfyh0OiVs2Gt7FOVLhHQu2kyrbA39TM.Qsopcz0TCCQMS3-Nl9P7aRu44BAmiy0iPH2Z1dwKH6s&dib_tag=se&keywords=DUal+USB+female+PCB&qid=1724493545&sprefix=dual+usb+female+pcb%2Caps%2C278&sr=8-3)|
| DB15 Male Right Angle PCB Mount Connector | 1|[here](https://www.amazon.com/Pc-Accessories-Connectors-10-Pack-Connector/dp/B01DLKNHBO/ref=sr_1_4?crid=31ZRD8PSC1SZ4&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.VHT37e8HPICfaK7LftXQXslsX54HNk2qgSjgAxJy1tvmjA7EWcCvjQkCazlJyGvZcAO25oZFMWkwlel5AaMlphdH_-MCMKYhT13w_WdtQxvGfikZ4kYXZUHloDSL4rKhRWublLcalcuNFHV84ZO5c4x03Sq_IMhrLSYo4nOSCPDwopA69JvibUU9BV08U4tdq_R_xnBUhqhFYu29FkOCmI0qNqcmChf6qJHhTIkbDqU.N_RsFwSqCrHrmv0L4TiggKwrFsJ5Px4ZK7VBjXz_CTY&dib_tag=se&keywords=DB15+PCB+male&qid=1724493639&sprefix=db15+pcb+mal%2Caps%2C270&sr=8-4)|
| Male Header Pin Connector 2.54mm | 3 pins x2|[here](https://www.amazon.com/VKLSVAN-Connector-Prototype-Breadboard-Circuit/dp/B0CLYDRD1Y/ref=sr_1_4?crid=318XJRJLGGY6J&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.nBOjz-Q3x9YQz5Sx7sCs0FdFJt--tn8SEiiYB3mROsfBukFsijAcPA04aR3Z2picVwhfsYBf1ehQd7fgALvrvJHPBdofUFZ_bB64M5uqx-jScFdk95DDllUBCWEyAdP3_iK_RIJGIMlHOs2h51WBG_7-cFOLFY_uXuPOy2m_Jx45s8-GmYCm5pZVtpqlF7zfbLXGzfDIQJJq7nlcKjadWt7ahdq1qCxfCoxKuTtTPDE.lpvE92Fx93GScWoR4xSWgbnZ2epMHh4y3C9xf9pmsig&dib_tag=se&keywords=PCB+2.54+pins&qid=1724493690&sprefix=pcb+2.54+pin%2Caps%2C267&sr=8-4)|
| jumpper | 2|[here](https://www.amazon.com/California-JOS-Standard-Circuit-Connection/dp/B0BRK36G33/ref=sr_1_1?crid=30LNZUUE4MTYL&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.lCEDWjatiB670iu71cu7n4TpVqp3ijWAZ4ce_y7dksxxWL-VAMkGvn3XwOVUi2aBtIBV3FA1O_kHnTEZkyM3PSpxbdxYQhSReWbaxCAFObwA9JxXteX_oTspQ32q2Hvs8flYAB-9bOeULcJxKyEz0V9UcYlbCdkFdQminKBX1WbHRfc34we-lWcFWal8tFiCycIoA_6rlQkl_TeIzucxS1MPtsUQZf3BfDeDmL2imNY.yKrnr7bKgBoxCw3EnXOTQHuiSrEm6b23ELWjIq1bxQ8&dib_tag=se&keywords=pcb%2B2.54%2Bpins%2Bjumper&qid=1724493740&sprefix=pcb%2B2.54%2Bpins%2Bjumppe%2Caps%2C298&sr=8-1&th=1)|
| PCBA | 1|optional, MCP4728 and some resistor and caps, if only 2 pedals, the espDAC out can be considered|
# Simucube software configuare
There is a analog input config in truedrive.<br>
![](image/SC-1.jpg)<br>
First set the brake use brake pin(other pins was fine, depend on the design)<br>
ESP32 output voltage was between 0.1-3.1, so set axis raw value between 3%-60%.<br>
![](image/SC-2.jpg)<br>
after setup, don't forget to save to wheel base by click save setting to simucube.<br>
